I have to build a mobile app that is an internal tool for an industrial company. This is for record keeping as a proof for an auditor who visits tjhe company. Now the app should let you add devices with it's name, location and identification number into the app and there should be a section or filter which groups the app based on location. Now, there should be a planner section, and in here, one can choose the devices available in the company, and then assign it to be "checked if its working" that particular week. So when a person goes to this planner, they should be able to click a device so that it is sent to the "check if its working" stage. Now this happens at the beginning of the week. Any person who enters the app should be able to go to the page where all the devices are in "check if its working" and then click done so that its is checked. When a device is delayed - that is when the device assigned to a particular week is not checked, then it goes to the delayed section. and the people using the app will get a notification. Now there is a new section where a signed pdf should be uploaded ( we don't have to verify if its signed just a place where this certain pdf is uploaded), and if this pdf is uploaded, and a person is assigned, then that user with that account will get a notification to put the second signature of it by downloading this uploaded pdf, putting their signature on it and re-uploading it. Then these pdfs are kept in the database with these signatures with a timestamp and the person to whom it was assigned to and the person who assigned this pdf signing as well. There should also be a yearly report download button where whatever device and whatever work was assigned to it that particular week and is done, should be given as a downloadable excel file where each sheet in the file will contain devices belonging to a particular department.


Also, when a device is registrered in the app, there has to be a plan attached to it, this plan asks the user to tell the frequency in which this device will be checked if its working - either 2 weeks, 3 weeks, or so on - ask an integer value for the number of weeks it is planned and also a comment can be added to this plan alongside so that while adding teh device, finally, we should be able to add the name, the identification number, the location, the planned frequency of weeks, and a comment on that plan.


Also when a device is clicked done either the same week or the next week in the delayed section of planned devices to check, there should be a place where an optional comment can be put alongside.


Create the authentication, connect it to a database as well and implement the backed and front end in perfect sync. When a user signs up for this app, they should be able to sign in and create an account with their employee email id, and employee number and a password too that they set. This is done so that in the phase where we are required to assign an uploaded pdf file to sign the second signature, we will be able to assign it to a specific employee id using the app.